add use case descriptions to README (#7)
baadev/TonUtils: README.md

![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/baadev/TonUtils)
![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/baadev/TonUtils)

- [About](#about)
  - [Why TonUtils?](#why-tonutils)
  - [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Features Description](#features-description)
  - [Public Address Utils](#public-address-utils)
  - [Wallet Management](#wallet-management)
  - [Transaction Crafting](#transaction-crafting)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [License](#license)
- [Support](#support)

## About

> Simplicity, Reliability, and Speed for Working with the TON Blockchain

Developing on the TON blockchain can be tough, especially when you are new to TON. Suppose you are an NFT marketplace developer, trying to sell your collections, but you face confusing docs, random bugs, and unreliable APIs. Official tools often don't work well, making things even harder.

### Why TonUtils?

> TON is the fastest blockchain, but high activity (like big listings) can cause common tools like TonApi to crash, leading to lost transactions and frustration. TonUtils helps solve these problems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TON is the fastest blockchain, but high activity (such as major listings) can cause endpoints like TonApi or Public Light Servers to go down, leading to lost transactions and frustration. TonUtils helps solve these problems:
```

- **Minimal dependencies**: Simple tools for stable blockchain interaction.

> - **Alternative light servers**: Automatically connects to other servers when TonApi fails, keeping your project running smoothly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Alternative light servers**: Automatically connects to other servers when the current one fails, keeping your project running smoothly.
```
